Implement mosviz documentation for displaying spectra and plot settings (#342)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/mosviz/displayspectra.rst

Display Spectra
***************

> Spectra loaded by the user will be automatically displayed in the viewers, with 2d spectra

Reviewer: "The spectra linked to the source selected in the table viewer will be automatically..."

> going in the 2d spectrum viewer (top right section) and 1d spectra going in the 1d spectrum viewer
> (top right section, below the 2d spectrum viewer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
populating the top right viewer, and 1d spectra populating the viewer 2nd from top on the right.```

"going in" rubs me the wrong way, and I think this can be a little more succinct while conveying the necessary information. I also agree with Patrick's suggestion above.

Plot Settings
=============

Plot settings for the 1d spectrum viewer can be found in the Specviz section.

.. seealso::

>     `Display Spectra <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specviz/displaying.html#plot-settings>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `Plot Settings <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specviz/displaying.html#>`_
```
Text should match the specific section linked
